For some, going to the shark is more
that a lifestyle is a passion
Unbreakable is the red passion of a
football team there are escualos fans
who have cried descents suffered
waves teasing by affiliated beings a
clear example is the in normal days
works like any of us
walk home like a human being more
but on Fridays when there is football in the
port falling the afternoon is transformed into
the masked shark
the masked shark is starts at the
year 2001
the year the Veracruz was in 5
of division back then
I started with this mask is a
very simple mask
and how can you see
has the shield upside down because as well as
formerly they put the saints of
head to do the miracle
I put the shield upside down so that I
did the miracle sanz pirate source
patron saint of causes schools of
turn on the computer is one more mask
luxurious
tells me this other version that does not have
nothing in this photo that is the first time
that they will see without a mask and here I am
here I am next to the one that the caretaker has
caught the bullet hernandez the classic
terraces the side is not strong indeed
he asked me what is the society and the
employed where the game is trampling
of the america and the shark tattooed
final another ticket also important with
a veracruz to what was the archi flores
I have a very important one that was the one
when we took the team 70 years
for the ticket against toluca against
toluca that was lost takes them winning and
it was lost we need the
veracruz is champion
that the champions wins nothing
the pride of being a shark is bigger
that the pride of being a champion
it is true that in life there are loves that
you can never forget that as
feelings are there in the heart
encouraging with the soul supporting as if
were your children screaming like it was
the last game
now the visit to the shark ocean is of
querétaro team that sang so loud
what silence the pirate in the league
of the last tournament and for the fans is
rematch or are one more encounter
but with special touches already past
happened to beat him in what he has to
go to Veracruz to earn nothing more than
they feel like we are going to break the mother of
the last time in 2015 the veracruz is
fashion the shark is fashionable with
Jarochos is fashionable and should always be fashionable
with all of us is fashionable
wave the flag kiss the t-shirts
show them off with pride and dance
joy the shark is fashionable because
the people well supporting shark
because we love him so much because veracruz
you have and you want there to be change because the
ocean shark has a voice again
Who screams
veracruz veracruz
it was already the stadium inside the fish tank
largest in veracruz was lived a
intense match other corner shot
suffered opened with barnyard 10 of the center the
robot
where whatsapp went straight to
well as it eliminates takes shot of tito
To the bass
in the end it ends with a tie that
the hobby leaves it with a bittersweet flavor
with a feeling that something could be done
more we tied the truth the changes
a little bit slow for what's coming
doing with the tijuana go a little
late a little bit and good that we
they found us tied the truth that
we had dominated now yes but
come shark and it is clear that yes
red sharks your hobby a support no
goes to rotate with the shark by
supposed
you keep fighting on the court tears
your soul in every move shows guts
on every ball that your people are not going to stop
to shout